for the markup descriptions, put brackets in to show an example of the actual tag. Also consider having those as links. 

-Network graph of the motifs: 

-Referentiality network; EVERYONE, producers

-Graphing the geo tags, considering rappers as geo references based on their home zone?

-Motif proofreading:
	everyone do it together. What do we need to add in? 


Success: having vs. wanting, 
Women: have a separate tag for sex than women
	(use regex to tag every pronoun)
Money: having vs. wanting
Violence: positive vs. negative
Guns: positive vs. negative
Spirituality (God, Third Eye stuff)
fortySeven
Ancient history/history/ something
Power motif 


DO tag the double entendres


***DATA EXTRACTION / REPRESENTATION

Poetic:
Rhyme over time
	Strings of more than two
	(add in line numbers, take difference of those. arbitrarily say that that makes it 	more complex)

Use of assimilation over time. (line graph—how exactly to stage timeframe)
	-could use js to change motif of interest to avoid having a bare graph. 

Linguistic:
-some are just counts; for contractions and tense, will be slightly more intense

Motif:
Bar graph; each motif. Comparison of all motifs in any given project, and then one line 	graph


Proofreading motifs will be everyone

EVERYONE:
motif proofreading 

ZACH:
to finish markup and proofreading.

BEN:
xQuery to get a count of all the group tag with an assimilation attribute in any given album. Do the same for count. 
xQuery 

Descriptions for the website. 

Contact people to get permission for the song files. 

PAIGE: 

XSLT
	-Write an XSLT to make a bar graph with one bar for each motif the height of which is just the count probably multiplied by something to make it look good. 

in the AAVE descriptions, under the tense heading I would suggest changing “the wrong tense is used in a phrase”  to differing from SAE—unless I am misunderstanding, and tense is used to indicate moments when Joey’s tenses differ from AAVE rules. 

Also, we don’t have a way to get to homepage currently from the menu bar, save from going to Team Bada$$ and then top of page… top of page is a nice feature, but it would be good to have a homepage tab as well. 

Knights gets completely illegible over the background of Joeys hair in Summer Knights. Considering putting that in a div with some opacity? 

Switch method to methods in navbar. 